Several user stories describing proposed features

1. Tutorial Mode

Alex turns on his computer to play battleship. He is brand new and does not
yet know the rules of the game. From the start menu, he selects the "tutorial" option.
This takes him to an interactive battleship board which simulates setting up and playing
a real game, explaining each step. Alex uses this tutorial to learn the rules of the game
as well as how to use the interface.

2. Single Player Mode

Alex wishes to practice playing battleship against a computer. From the start menu,
he selects the "single player" option. He is then given a choice between 3 different
levels of difficulty: beginner, intermediate, and advanced. He selects the beginner
level and the game begins. He sets up and plays the game (see 4. Setting Up, 5. Playing)
Once a winner is declared, the game ends and Alex is brought back to the main menu.

3. Multi Player Mode

Alex and John wish to play battleship against each other. From the start menu, they
select "multi player" mode from their own devices. They are given instructions on how
to connect to each other. The game begins and both players set up their boards. They
play the game until a winner is declared. Once this happens, both Alex and John are
returned to the main menu.

4. Setting Up 
Alex has just started a game of battle ship. He is given 60 seconds to set up his position.
He is shown a graphical representation of his battle field, which is a grid whose 
rows are indexed by numbers and columns indexed by letters. Cells can be identified using a
letter-number pair (ex. C6). Alex is given ships which he must place on the board. Ships are
1 cell wide and 1-5 cells tall and can be oriented either horizontally or vertically. For
each ship, Alex rotates it to his desired orientation and then clicks and drags it to his
desired position on the board. Ships may not overlap (ie. one cell may be occupied by at
most 1 ship). Once a player is finished setting up, they may click the "done" button. If
all players finish early, the game may begin without waiting the full 60 seconds. If a player
is not finished setting up in 60 seconds, the game will choose a random position for their
ships. A player may also click a button to generate a random position.

5. Playing
Alex has finished setting up his board and now is playing the game. He is shown a graphical 
representation of his opponent's board. When it is his turn, he is given 20 seconds to select
a cell on which to fire. If he does not choose a cell in time, a random one is chosen. If his
shot is in the same cell as one of his opponent's ships, the game displays a "hit" graphic in 
that cell. If not, the game displays a "miss" graphic. Once his turn is over, the screen 
transitions into a view of Alex's board which includes the position of his ships and the cells
in which his opponent has shot. The game continues until one player sinks all the opposing ships.
